# Usability Findings, July 30, Open FEC. [draft]

for raw messy notes, see: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/19fByv0Jqs7Lyh413DFH3YXr7L1iszFzuO9C2L95doHo/edit#>

# Home Page

Prompt:Look at this page. What do you think the site is about?

What draws your interest? Without clicking on anything, what would you click on?

## Usability themes

- not everyone knew to scroll to see more
- candidate / committee radio selector sometimes go unnoticed.
- browse candidate committee boxes:

  - some thought it too wordy, suggest shortening text on committee and candidate,
  - those who wanted to see the whole data set, not just one committee or candidate didn't initially understand that this was where to do that suggest language change to include "browse",
  - link on "committee"/"candidate" box header as well.

- where are elections?

- Other data : often missed, liked when found. consider another display
- only one person noticed the glossary feature, but they loved it.
- A few folks indicated a desire to begin browsing/filtering right away

"i very rarely look at one specific committee. right at the bottom you have browse all filings. I never look at just one committee. I want to look at it by cycle, or kind of filing, show me everything from the second quarter."

# Finding Committees: Searching & Browsing

Prompt:Use the site to find out who the treasurer is on the PAC National Beer Wholesalers?

## Usability themes: search, type-ahead results, search results

- search: Some folks tried to search for a candidate in the committee search, and vice versa; suggest a "did you mean to search for this in committee" on no results page.
- search: people loved the type-ahead search suggestions, came to rely on them almost immediately.
- search results page: people like the ability to go to filter results (aka browse), but didn't initially find it. suggest: revisit the interchange between search and browse, possibly just a more prominent call-out.
- search on the browse/filter page does not appear to be working all that well. adjacent words that are not first in the search query do not appear to get results (find example)

- browse/filter page: no saved state between investigating one committee and going back to the filter results ( a frequent pattern ) caused people to have to start the search from scratch

- browse/filter page: filters vertical layout cuts off text
- browse/filter page: some users struggled to find the apply button
- browse/filter page: people to try a filter, apply it, see the results, add another. with filters current vertical layout they have to scroll up and down a lot to complete this task.
- browse/filter page: filter box not auto-closing hides other filters. Suggest it close on clicking any space not in box, or auto after n seconds.
- browse/filter page: it wasn't clear that the filter boxes scrolled.
- browse/filter page: name of committee cut off in the data table required users to hover over each name to find full text (only some knew to do this)
- browse/filter page: one user tried to over-rely on sort and paging through results pages before finally finding the filters
- browse/filter page: most users rely predominately on search, even in the browse view, before filtering.
- browse/filter page: pacs change their name. this is more of a question as to how to deal with it, if at all.
- browse/filter page: wanted to be able to type in the state name / abbreviation

"It doesn't look like a database built in the mid 90s."

# Committee Page & Detail Pages

<dev site is down, no image available currently>

## Usability themes:

- Changing the election cycle year redirects the user back to the main page.
- Initially showing no data in a graph or table indicates to users that they have chosen the wrong candidate.
- Terminology: executive should be under occupation, not employer.
- Transition from limited filterable view to "view all filings" or "view all receipts" was not intuitive; users didn't understand what would be under the view all receipts and attempted to use the smaller data table to answer all questions (even those which could be easily answered by the filters in the "all" view)
- disbursements: One user wanted to see the details of a disbursement; clicking the row (on the recipients name) took them to the recipients page, and forced them to re-invoke all the filters to get back to the results they had.
