# October 06, 2016 Test Script

## Quick connection links

- Watch & listen: <https://hangouts.google.com/hangouts/_/gsa.gov/ethan-heppner?authuser=0>
- Take notes: <https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Z3T45hb1WAhD1zRL_fLXZlfQ9ApenTvgYE0OM0eLhaE/edit?pli=1#gid=313597352>
- Script: you are here! :wink: <https://github.com/18F/FEC/blob/master/test_scripts/2016-10-06.md>

## Features tested this week:

- General responses to the press section

## Introduction:

Hi, I'm **___**, and I'm working on the Federal Election Commission website redesign. We're asking people to try using the website and take a look at some of the designs we're working on today, to see if everything works as intended. This session should take about 30 minutes.

The first thing I want to make clear right away is that we're testing the site, not you. You can't do anything wrong here.

Although it may seem a little weird, I'm going to ask you to think out loud as much as possible as you use the site. Describe what you're looking at, what you're trying to do, and what you're thinking. This will be a huge help to us.

Also, please don't worry that you're going to hurt our feelings. We're doing this to improve the site, so we need to hear your honest reactions.

If you have any questions as we go along, just ask them. I may not be able to answer them right away, since we're interested in how people do when they don't have someone sitting next to them to help. But, if you still have any questions when we're done, I'll try to answer them them. Sound okay? (credit: Krug)

## Introduction questions:
First, we'd like to spend a minute learning a bit more about your background.

I already know that you are a journalist, because we have specifically recruited journalists like yourself for these sessions, but I am wondering:

- How would you describe your experience level in your current occupation?

- Do you visit the FEC website as a part of your work?

   IF YES:
   - What are a some reasons you would visit the site?
   - When you access the site, are you typically rushed, or do you have time to spare?
   - Do you access the site from a computer or a phone, or both?

## Testing the site
_Test on: [beta.fec.gov](https://beta.fec.gov)_

Okay, thank you for answering those background questions. Now we're going to look at the new site we're working on and get your feedback on some features.

To do that, we'll access beta.fec.gov, which is a real, working website where we continually release new features.

[Before proceeding, make sure that the user is on the beta FEC home page]

## Scenario 1: Finding a specific item of interest

Now that we're on the site, I am going to present you with a scenario and ask you some questions. While we go through the questions, please keep in mind that we are interested in your unique perspective _as a journalist,_ so you can go ahead and put yourself in that professional mindset.

Are you ready?

[wait for user to confirm]

SCENARIO:
> Imagine that you are tracking and reporting on ongoing litigation, and you have come to the FEC website because you want to review information regarding recent court cases involving the FEC.

- **QUESTION:** Without clicking any links, can you tell me where would you are inclined to go to find the information you're seeking? Please be sure to think out loud about your decision. _(Expected answer: Press section)_

    **_Even if the user doesn't suggest it,_** direct the user to the Press page. To be sensitive about directing them, you can say something like...

    >This is all very interesting -- thank you! For the next question, I'd like to direct your attention specifically to the Press page...

    > Now that we're in the Press section, where would you go from here to find information about recent litigation?

- **QUESTION:** Is there anything you would change about the experience of searching for recent information regarding litigation?

- **QUESTION:** What would you do if you were wanted to see view _only_ press releases related to litigation? _(Expected answer: Press > Latest Updates > Press Releases > Filter by subject: Litigation)_

    **_If it doesn't happen naturally,_** eventually direct the user to the Latest Updates section. To be sensitive about redirecting them, you can say something like...

    >This is all very helpful so far -- thank you! Now I'd just like to direct your attention to a specific feature and see what you think.

    > Now that we're on the Latest Updates page, what do you think of using the features here to find press releases related to litigation?

    **PROBE for user's thoughts on Latest Updates results display** Is the information you're seeing here for each of the Press Releases helpful?

    - Is there anything you would change about it?


## Scenario 2: Self-guided education

Okay, we're finished with our first task and will now be moving on to a new scenario. Are you ready?

[wait for user to confirm]

Okay, great. Let's return to the home page and start a new task.

[make sure user is on the home page]

SCENARIO:
> Imagine that you are a novice campaign finance reporter, and you are specifically interested in learning more about campaign finance law.

> In order to educate yourself, you have come to the FEC website to learn more about how the FEC reacts to possible illegal actions.

- **QUESTION:** Without clicking any links, can you tell me where you are first inclined to go to find this information? Again, please think out loud as you decide. _(Expected answer: Press section)_

    **_If it doesn't happen naturally,_** eventually direct the user to the Press page. To be sensitive about redirecting them, you can say something like...

    >This is all very helpful so far -- thank you! Now I'd just like to try another pathway with you, so let's go to the Press page...

    > Now that we're in the Press section, where would you go from here to find information about campaign finance law?

[wait to ask the next question until the user finishes the task]

- **QUESTION:** Now that you've found the information you were looking for, are you interested in taking any additional actions using this information?

    **_If clarification is needed:_** For example, are you interested in printing or sharing the information in some way? Would you bookmark pages like this?

- **QUESTION:** Is there anything you would change about the experience you just had trying to find information about a specific topic in campaign finance law?

## Section 3: Reaction to press page layout and content

Okay, we're finished with our second scenario. For the next set of questions, we'd like to return to the Press page and discuss your thoughts on it.

[Direct user to Press page]

- What is your general impression of this page? Please feel free to share any thoughts that come to mind, however vague.

- Does this page contain the information that you would expect to see here?

   - **Probe, if needed:** Is there anything missing?


- If you could magically change anything about this page, what would you change?

- Looking at the section about contacting the press office, is the information there helpful?
    - Is there anything missing?


## Follow ups:
- We have finished all of the questions about the press section. Before we wrap up, do you have any final comments or questions for me?

[Thank the user for their input and for their time.]
