# May 19, 2016 Usability Test.

- watch: <https://join.me/FEC-feat​ures>
- listen: <https://join.mycospace.com/invited.sf?id=254162370>
- take notes: <https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Z3T45hb1WAhD1zRL_fLXZlfQ9ApenTvgYE0OM0eLhaE/edit#gid=0>

## Tasks:

Mega-menu interaction <https://fec-feature-proxy.18f.gov>

Typeahead search on data site <https://fec-feature-proxy.18f.gov>

## Introduction Script:

Hi, I'm **_**, and I'm working on the Federal Election Commission website redesign. We're asking people to try using the website and take a look at some of the designs we're working on today, to see if everything works as intended. This session should take about 25 - 30 minutes.

The first thing I want to make clear right away is that we're testing out the site, not you. You can't do anything wrong here. In fact, this is probably the one place today where you don't have to worry about making mistakes.

So this may feel a little weird, but as you use the site, I'm going to ask you as much as possible to try to think out loud: say what you're looking at, what you're trying to do, and what you're thinking. This is be a huge help to us.

Also, please don't worry that you're going to hurt our feelings. We're doing this to improve the site, so we need to hear your honest reactions.

If you have any questions as we go along, just ask them. I may not be able to answer them right away, since we're interested in how people do when they don't have someone sitting next to them to help. But if you still have any questions when we're done I'll try to answer them them. Sound ok? (credit: Krug)

Script: Give us a quick 1 minute your background. What do you know about the FEC? What does the FEC do?

## Task 1: mega-menu

Mega-Menu Navigation Link: <https://fec-feature-proxy.18f.gov>

- Use the site to find out who is running in your local district.
- Use the site to find fundraising data for candidates for House.
- If you had to guess, what do you think the items on the menu take you to?

## Task 2: type-ahead & filtering

- Use the site to find out who Bill Gates has supported.
- Can you also check and see if other people in his family have given?
- (if they don't search for william) Now Bill, as you can likely guess, is short for William. Can you find out if he has given as William?

## Wrap-up Script:

Before we wrap up, do you have any questions or comments for our team?
