## quick connection links

- watch & listen: https://hangouts.google.com/hangouts/_/gsa.gov/fec-features?authuser=0
- notes: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MruP8oayG6jnexIL0I86KxROPgIq1hYP-s7zOB1oBeU/edit?pli=1#
- script: you are here! :wink: 
- link: https://gsa.invisionapp.com/share/NP7IRPOWD#/screens/163806579

## features tested this week:

- Search MURs
- Individual MURS

## Introduction Script:

- Redesigning FEC site, focusing on legal resources
- Asking people to try aspects of the site as we go, 30-45 min session
- We're testing site, not you. You can't do anything wrong
- Please think out loud, what you're seeing, what you're doing
- Don't worry about hurting feelings, we need honest reactions
- Ask any questions, I may not answer right away to learn how you respond
- You are looking at a design prototype, not working code. Some parts won't work. 

# Tasks:

**About tester**

- _"Could you tell us a bit about yourself and work?"_
- _"Are you familiar with Matters Under Review?"_
   - If no, explain: _"When a potential violation of campaign finance law comes to the attention of the Commission, either because a complaint has been made or the Commission discovers something, the case goes through a confidential investigation. During this time, the people in question have a chance to provide responses. When the case is finished and a disposition has been made, the documents are made public. Those public "MURs" can be referred to by other candidates or committees to see how the Commission responded as guidance for their own purposes."_
- _"Do you ever search for Matters Under Review?"_

**Searching for MURs**

- Starting on the [Legal resources landing page](https://gsa.invisionapp.com/share/NP7IRPOWD#/screens/163806579), _"Let's pretend you want to find MURs related to "foreign nationals". Where would you do this?"_
   - Note if they find it or not.
- If they can't find MURs, ask them to go to Enforcement, then pause. (within Legal resources)
   - See if they understand that they can search from this page.
   - If not, ask: _"Can you search for MURs here?"_
- _"How do you think this search would work?"_
- _"If you only wanted to see MURs from a specific "respondent", a person from the party being investigated, what would you do?"_
- _"If you only wanted to find MURs where the disposition was "reason to believe", what would you do?"_

**Individual MURs**

- Make sure the tester is on a page showing results: _"Look at the results on the right. Talk to me about what you see."_
- _"Say there was a MUR displayed that you were interested in, how would you open it?"_
- Have the person go to a MUR case page: _"Look at this page. Talk to me about it."_

**Closing**

- _"How might this fit into your work? How might you use it?"_
- _"Do you have any additional thoughts or questions?"_
- _"Would you be willing to do again as we continue to develop the website?"_
- _"Please feel free to send colleagues our way as future testers. We want to involve the legal community as much as possible._

