# July, 7 2016 Test Script

## quick connection links

- watch & listen: <https://join.mycospace.com/invited.sf?id=538182145> or 1-646-517-0017 x254162370#
- take notes: <https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Z3T45hb1WAhD1zRL_fLXZlfQ9ApenTvgYE0OM0eLhaE/edit?pli=1#gid=313597352>
- script: you are here! :wink: <https://github.com/18F/FEC/blob/master/test_scripts/2016-6-30.md>

## features tested this week:

- graph comprehension
- invision prototype expectations
- ## Introduction Script:

Hi, I'm **_**, and I'm working on the Federal Election Commission website redesign. We're asking people to try using the website and take a look at some of the designs we're working on today, to see if everything works as intended. This session should take about 25 - 30 minutes.

The first thing I want to make clear right away is that we're testing out the site, not you. You can't do anything wrong here. In fact, this is probably the one place today where you don't have to worry about making mistakes.

So this may feel a little weird, but as you use the site, I'm going to ask you as much as possible to try to think out loud: say what you're looking at, what you're trying to do, and what you're thinking. This is be a huge help to us.

Also, please don't worry that you're going to hurt our feelings. We're doing this to improve the site, so we need to hear your honest reactions.

If you have any questions as we go along, just ask them. I may not be able to answer them right away, since we're interested in how people do when they don't have someone sitting next to them to help. But if you still have any questions when we're done I'll try to answer them them. Sound ok? (credit: Krug)

Script: Give us a quick 1 minute your background. What do you know about the FEC? What does the FEC do?

# Tasks:

test on [staging](https://fec-stage-proxy.18f.gov/data).

- Pre-question: what is your interest in campaign finance? What data did you when you last went to the FEC website?

- _if title for "interactive overviews" is in place, if not have them scroll to just see the title_ Ok, without scrolling or clicking, what do you think you can do on this page? What do you think the phrase "interactive overviews" means?

- What do you think the term "raising overview" means?

## Raising Overview Graph Trend Questions:

- If you had to guess, which group type would you say is raising the most?

- Do you see any trends on the chart?

### Raising Overview Graph Detail Questions:

- What is the meaning of the diagonal lines above July 1 - Sep 30 2016?

- During which time period did Party Committees earn the most? How much did they earn?

- _ask if it doesn't come out naturally_ After looking at this graph, are you curious about anything or have any questions in your mind about campaign finance fundraising?

- Without clicking on it, what do you think the "explore data" button does?

- Without clicking on it, what do you expect "methodology" means?

## Detail graph interactions

test in prototype [here] (<https://gsa.invisionapp.com/share/KH7TNKQEB#/screens/1170607544_Data-Landing-Overview>)

- Ok, now we're going to show you a new, not yet fully-functional version of our site. Not every link will work, but we want to see where you'll click so as you're going through this, please make sure you indicate where you're clicking by saying it aloud when you do.

- Please interact with the prototype to try and find out which candidate has had the most successful fundraising efforts.

- _(on successfully opening raising detail page)_: Great, now without clicking on anything, what do you think you can change about this top bar chart?

- (if they mention the `How much ______ for _____ have raised`) great and what do you think happens if you click president?
- Let's say you want to view the last election, when the current president was running. How might you do that?
