# September 08, 2016 Test Script

## Quick connection links

- Watch & listen: <https://join.mycospace.com/invited.sf?id=538182145> or 1-646-517-0017 x254162370#
- Take notes: <https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Z3T45hb1WAhD1zRL_fLXZlfQ9ApenTvgYE0OM0eLhaE/edit?pli=1#gid=313597352>
- Script: you are here! :wink: <https://github.com/18F/FEC/blob/master/test_scripts/2016-09-08.md>

## Features tested this week:

- Legal Resources Search...
  - ...as a means to answer a scenario-based question
  - ...to review FEC legal commentary related to a specific issue (Citizens United)


## Introduction:

Hi, I'm **___**, and I'm working on the Federal Election Commission website redesign. We're asking people to try using the website and take a look at some of the designs we're working on today, to see if everything works as intended. This session should take about 25 to 30 minutes.

The first thing I want to make clear right away is that we're testing the site, not you. You can't do anything wrong here.

Although it may seem a little weird, I'm going to ask you to think out loud as much as possible as you use the site. Describe what you're looking at, what you're trying to do, and what you're thinking. This will be a huge help to us.

Also, please don't worry that you're going to hurt our feelings. We're doing this to improve the site, so we need to hear your honest reactions.

If you have any questions as we go along, just ask them. I may not be able to answer them right away, since we're interested in how people do when they don't have someone sitting next to them to help. But, if you still have any questions when we're done, I'll try to answer them them. Sound okay? (credit: Krug)

## Introduction questions:
First, we'd like to spend a minute learning a bit more about your background.

- What do you know about the FEC?
	- What does the FEC do?
- What is your interest in campaign finance?
- What data did you use when you last visited the FEC website?

# Live site tasks
(Test on [beta site home](https://beta.fec.gov/))

Now we're going to access our "beta" site, which is a real, working website where we continually release new features. We are going to show you some of these features today.

[Before proceeding, make sure that the user is on  beta.fec.gov]

## Scenario 1: Search, as means to answer a scenario-based question

To begin our first activity, I am going to present you with a scenario. If you would like me to repeat the scenario, feel free to ask. Are you ready?

SCENARIO 1:
>Imagine that you are working on behalf of a Senator who has been asked to speak at a private organization. In exchange for giving this speech, the organization has offered the Senator a small payment, which is also known as an "honorarium." This sounds great, but you know there are laws about how much money Senators can accept. So, instead of accepting the money, you want to know if the Senator can provide the organization with a list of charities where the money could be donated. You are looking for information about the legal implications of doing this, and you have come to the FEC website for guidance.

- Do you understand the scenario? Would you like me to repeat it?

[Confirm with user]

- **QUESTION 1:** Starting on the home page, how would you find the information you're looking for in this scenario? Please be sure to think out loud as you decide. _(Expected answer: Legal resources > search feature. It's unclear at this point how they will search -- keyword?)_

    _If it doesn't happen naturally,_ eventually direct the user to the legal resources page. To be sensitive about redirecting them, you can say something like...

    >This is all very helpful so far -- thank you! Now I'd just like to try another pathway with you, so let's go to the Legal Resources page...

    _If the user doesn't naturally try the search feature_, you should eventually probe for them to use search by saying something like...

    >I'd like to draw your attention to a specific feature and see what you think. Toward the top of this page, there is a search feature...

 - **PROBE if needed:** What are your thoughts about using this search box to answer the question about donating the Senator's speech payment to charity? _(Expected answer: Searches by keyword--e.g., "charity," "honorarium," or some combination of terms, in the search box)_

[NOTE: Before moving to the following questions, the user needs to actually try the search feature]

- **QUESTION 2:** What are your thoughts about the search results you're seeing here?

    - **PROBE, for more advanced users:** Do these search results include the document types you expected to find?


- **QUESTION 3:** Looking at these results, are there any actions you would want to take next?

    - **PROBE if needed:** Does this website allow you to take those actions?


- **QUESTION 4:** Before we move on to our next scenario, do you have any final thoughts about this search experience?

    - **PROBE if needed:** Is there anything you would change about this search experience?

_(Side note: [this AO](https://cg-191800bb-c3e9-42e8-bbe9-66c882ad858f.s3.amazonaws.com/legal/aos/62529.pdf) is probably the best answer to the question presented in this scenario)_

## Scenario 2: Search, to review legal documentation relevant to a specific topic (Citizens United)

Okay, we're finished with our first scenario. Let's prepare for the next scenario by returning to the homepage of the beta site.

[Direct user to beta.fec.gov. Confirm that they are ready for the next scenario.]

SCENARIO 2:

>Imagine that you are doing research about a Supreme Court case between the FEC and an organization called Citizens United. You know that the outcome of that case has had an impact on the history of campaign finance law, but you want to understand more about that. Consequently, you have come to this website in search of any official, legal guidance that the FEC has released pertaining to Citizens United.

- Do you understand the scenario? Would you like me to repeat it?

[Confirm with user]

- **QUESTION 5:** Starting on the home page, how would you find the information you're looking for in this scenario? Please be sure to think out loud as you decide. _(Expected answer: Legal resources > search feature. It's unclear at this point how they will search -- Perhaps apply the advisory opinions filter and keyword search for "Citizens United"?)_

    _If it doesn't happen naturally,_ eventually direct the user to the legal resources page. To be sensitive about redirecting them, you can say something like...

    >This is all very helpful so far -- thank you! Now I'd just like to try another pathway with you, so let's go to the Legal Resources page...

    _If the user doesn't naturally try the search feature_, you should eventually probe for them to use search by saying something like...

    >I'd like to draw your attention to a specific feature and see what you think. Toward the top of this page, there is a search feature...

- **PROBE if needed:** What are your thoughts about using this search box to find documents that present the FEC's official commentary on issues related to Citizens United? _(Expected answer: Searches by keyword--e.g., "Citizens United," perhaps filtering for advisory opinions)_

[NOTE: Before moving to the following questions, the user needs to actually try the search feature]

- **QUESTION 6:** What are your thoughts about the search results you're seeing here?

    - **PROBE, for more advanced users:** Do these search results include the document types you expected to find?


- **QUESTION 7:** Looking at these results, are there any actions you would want to take next?

    - **PROBE if needed:** Does this website allow you to take those actions?


- **QUESTION 8:** Do you have any additional thoughts that you would like to share about this search experience?

    - **PROBE if needed:** Is there anything you would change about this search experience?

**If the drop-down search filter on the legal resources page has not yet been discussed, ask QUESTION 9:** We are finished with this scenario, but before we move on to our closing thoughts, I'd like to draw your attention to a specific feature on this page. Next to the search field, there is a drop-down menu that allows you to select a document type. What are your thoughts on that feature?  


## Follow ups:
- We have finished all of the questions about our search feature. Before we wrap up, do you have any final comments or questions for me?

[Thank the user for their input and for their time.]
