# August 4, 2016 Test Script

## Quick cnnection links

- Watch & listen: <https://join.mycospace.com/invited.sf?id=538182145> or 1-646-517-0017 x254162370#
- Take notes: <https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Z3T45hb1WAhD1zRL_fLXZlfQ9ApenTvgYE0OM0eLhaE/edit?pli=1#gid=313597352>
- Script: you are here! :wink: <https://github.com/18F/FEC/blob/master/test_scripts/2016-08-04.md>

## Features tested this week:

- Data overview expectations
- Graph comprehension
- Filter loading states

## Introduction script:

Hi, I'm **_**, and I'm working on the Federal Election Commission website redesign. We're asking people to try using the website and take a look at some of the designs we're working on today, to see if everything works as intended. This session should take about 25—30 minutes.

The first thing I want to make clear right away is that we're testing out the site, not you. You can't do anything wrong here. In fact, this is probably the one place today where you don't have to worry about making mistakes.

So this may feel a little weird, but as you use the site, I'm going to ask you as much as possible to try to think out loud: Say what you're looking at, what you're trying to do, and what you're thinking. This is be a huge help to us.

Also, please don't worry that you're going to hurt our feelings. We're doing this to improve the site, so we need to hear your honest reactions.

If you have any questions as we go along, just ask them. I may not be able to answer them right away, since we're interested in how people do when they don't have someone sitting next to them to help. But if you still have any questions when we're done I'll try to answer them them. Sound ok? (credit: Krug)

Script: Give us a quick 1 minute your background. What do you know about the FEC? What does the FEC do? What is your interest in campaign finance? What data did you when you last went to the FEC website?

# InVision tasks:

Test on [InVision](https://invis.io/J285OU6DH).

Fist we're going to show you a mockup of some new designs we’re working on. This isn’t a real working website, it’s basically just an image with some things you can click on. Also, the data is all fake data just for the purpose of this example.

Not every link will work, but we want to see *where* you'll click so as you're going through this, please make sure you indicate where you're clicking by saying it aloud when you do.

## Raising Overview Graph Trend Questions:
[Scroll down to the “Raising” graph]

- What is this graph telling you? Do you see any trends on the chart? (Expected answer should include: comparing how much money different groups raised over time; party committees raising the most; total amount raised at certain points)

- What do the numbers on the right mean? (Expected answer: how much money different groups raised through October 2015)
	- If they don’t make the connection to the graph, probe about “what does the dotted line mean”?

- How would you see how much money the groups raised through January 2016? How would you look at data from 2012? (Expected: either click on the points or click on the arrows next to October)

- What do the dots mean? (Expected: a time when the groups have reported). Further probing:
	- Why do the lines continue for the top two lines and not the others? (Expected: Because those groups have reported, but the others haven’t yet)
	- Why are there more dots for some than others? (Expected: different filing schedules)

- _ask if it doesn't come out naturally_ After looking at this graph, are you curious about anything or have any questions in your mind about campaign finance fundraising?

# Live site tasks
Test on [feature environment](https://fec-feature-proxy.18f.gov/data/receipts/)

Ok, now we’re going to switch over to our development site. This is where we test out new features before adding them to beta.fec.gov, so it’s a real working site and you can feel free to click around, but just a heads up that these features are still in development so there might be bugs or things that don’t work exactly right.

## Desktop filter tests
- What does the (3) next to “Edit filters” mean? (Expected: three filters are applied)
	- What filters are applied?

- How would you close the filter panel?

- How would you find all contributions from people who work at Nike? How would you filter down just over $10,000? Now take a look at just contributions made in 2009-2010
	
## Mobile filter tests
Ok, now we’re going to do something a little new. We want to see how well this works for folks on mobile devices. To simulate that, shrink your browser window and then refresh the page. 

Pretend that someone sent you this link and you opened it on your phone. 

How would you know what you’re looking at? (e.g. What filters are applied)? (Expected: contributions from nike employees, over $10,000 in 2009-2010)

How would you clear those filters?

How would you look up to compare how much employees from Adidas have given?

- Follow ups:
	- How do you know when a filter has been applied? 
	- How do you know if the filter narrowed the results or broadened the results?
	- Was there anything confusing?






