# June 30, 2016 Test Script

## quick connection links

- watch & listen: <https://join.mycospace.com/invited.sf?id=538182145> or 1-646-517-0017 x254162370#
- take notes: <https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Z3T45hb1WAhD1zRL_fLXZlfQ9ApenTvgYE0OM0eLhaE/edit?pli=1#gid=313597352>
- script: you are here! :wink: <https://github.com/18F/FEC/blob/master/test_scripts/2016-6-30.md>

## features tested this week:

- data overview expectations
- graph comprehension

## Introduction Script:

Hi, I'm **_**, and I'm working on the Federal Election Commission website redesign. We're asking people to try using the website and take a look at some of the designs we're working on today, to see if everything works as intended. This session should take about 25 - 30 minutes.

The first thing I want to make clear right away is that we're testing out the site, not you. You can't do anything wrong here. In fact, this is probably the one place today where you don't have to worry about making mistakes.

So this may feel a little weird, but as you use the site, I'm going to ask you as much as possible to try to think out loud: say what you're looking at, what you're trying to do, and what you're thinking. This is be a huge help to us.

Also, please don't worry that you're going to hurt our feelings. We're doing this to improve the site, so we need to hear your honest reactions.

If you have any questions as we go along, just ask them. I may not be able to answer them right away, since we're interested in how people do when they don't have someone sitting next to them to help. But if you still have any questions when we're done I'll try to answer them them. Sound ok? (credit: Krug)

Script: Give us a quick 1 minute your background. What do you know about the FEC? What does the FEC do?

# Tasks:

test on [staging](https://fec-stage-proxy.18f.gov/data).

- Pre-question: what is your interest in campaign finance? What data did you when you last went to the FEC website?

- _if title for "interactive overviews" is in place, if not have them scroll to just see the title_ Ok, without scrolling or clicking, what do you think you can do on this page? What do you think the phrase "interactive overviews" means?

- What do you think the term "raising overview" means?

## Raising Overview Graph Trend Questions:

- If you had to guess, which group type would you say is raising the most?

- Do you see any trends on the chart?

#### Raising Overview Graph Detail Questions:

- What is the meaning of the diagonal lines above July 1 - Sep 30 2016?

- During which time period did Party Committees earn the most? How much did they earn?

- _ask if it doesn't come out naturally_ After looking at this graph, are you curious about anything or have any questions in your mind about campaign finance fundraising?

- Without clicking on it, what do you think the "explore data" button does?

- Without clicking on it, what do you expect "About this data" means?

## Spending overview graph _have them scroll down the page_

- _Comparison:_ Now scroll down the page and look at the second graph. What is it telling you?

- Do you notice anything suprising in the graph?

- Is party committee spending rising or falling?

- Is candidate spending rising or falling?

- If you had to guess, what would you say is happening in April?
