# August 18, 2016 Test Script

## Quick connection links

- Watch & listen: <https://join.mycospace.com/invited.sf?id=538182145> or 1-646-517-0017 x254162370#
- Take notes: <https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Z3T45hb1WAhD1zRL_fLXZlfQ9ApenTvgYE0OM0eLhaE/edit?pli=1#gid=313597352>
- Script: you are here! :wink: <https://github.com/18F/FEC/blob/master/test_scripts/2016-08-18.md>

## Features tested this week:

- Interactive graph comprehension
- Filters with eFilings

## Introduction script:

Hi, I'm **___**, and I'm working on the Federal Election Commission website redesign. We're asking people to try using the website and take a look at some of the designs we're working on today, to see if everything works as intended. This session should take about 25 to 30 minutes.

The first thing I want to make clear right away is that we're testing the site, not you. You can't do anything wrong here. In fact, this might  be the one part of your day where you don't have to worry about making any mistakes.

Although it may seem a little weird, I'm going to ask you to think out loud as much as possible as you use the site. Describe what you're looking at, what you're trying to do, and what you're thinking. This will be a huge help to us.

Also, please don't worry that you're going to hurt our feelings. We're doing this to improve the site, so we need to hear your honest reactions.

If you have any questions as we go along, just ask them. I may not be able to answer them right away, since we're interested in how people do when they don't have someone sitting next to them to help. But, if you still have any questions when we're done, I'll try to answer them them. Sound okay? (credit: Krug)

## Introduction questions:
First, we'd like to spend a minute learning a bit more about your background.

- What do you know about the FEC?
	- What does the FEC do?
- What is your interest in campaign finance?
- What data did you use when you last visited the FEC website?

# Live site tasks
(Test on [beta site > campaign finance data main page](https://beta.fec.gov/data/))

Fist we're going to access our "beta" site. The beta site is a real, working website where we continually release new features. We are going to show you some of these features today.

## Raising overview graph questions:
[Scroll down to the “Raising” graph]

- What is this graph telling you? (Expected answers: comparing how much money different groups raised over time; party committees raising the most; total amount raised at certain points)

- Do you see any trends on the graph?

- What do the numbers on the right mean? (Expected answer: how much money different groups raised since January 2015)
	- If they don’t make the connection to the graph, probe about “what does the dotted line mean”?

- Is there anything you would change about the graph?

- _ask if it doesn't come out naturally_ After looking at this graph, are you curious about anything or have any questions in your mind about campaign finance fundraising?

## Desktop filter tests
Test on [beta site > advanced data > filings](https://beta.fec.gov/data/advanced/filings)

Okay, we’re finished reviewing the graph, and we're going to move on to a different feature of the site. To begin our new activity, I am going to present you with a scenario. If you would like me to repeat the scenario, feel free to ask. Are you ready?

- Imagine that you are a journalist, and you came to this website because you would like to find the most recent campaign finance reports, which have not yet been reviewed by the FEC. Please attempt to accomplish that task and be sure to share your thoughts with us along the way. (Expected behavior: User accesses the Campaign Finance Data > Filings page. Toggle off of "Processed" to "eFilings")
	- _if it doesn't happen naturally_ [Eventually direct the user to the Filings page]

	- _if it doesn't happen naturally_ Toward the top left of this screen, there are buttons that read "Processed" and "eFilings." What do those two terms mean to you?
		- _if it didn't happen naturally_ [Direct the user to the tooltip] When you use the information icon, does the text displayed there help you to understand these terms?
		- Are there other terms you would use instead?

	- We are about to move on to another scenario. Before we do, do you have any final thoughts about the task we just completed?

- Okay, great. Let's move on to the next scenario. You are a researcher who is looking for campaign finance reports about a former presidential candidate named Mitt Romney. Please attempt to complete that task and be sure to share your thoughts with us as you do so. (Expected behavior: Toggles to "processed data," if needed, and types "Romney" into the Candidate Name filter field).
	- _if it doesn't happen naturally_ Are there eFilings regarding Mitt Romney?

- Let's now assume that you are no longer interested in this information about Mitt Romney, and you would like to start a completely new search. How would you do that? (Expected behavior: Clear all filters, or manually remove individual filters)
	- _if it didn't happen naturally_ [Ensure all filters are cleared]

- Please try to find information that was filed to the FEC from 2005 to 2006. (Expected behavior: Uses the filing date filter for "years")
	- What if you want to look at 2011 to 2012 instead? 

- Follow ups:
	- Do you have any additional thoughts or questions?
